docs: Style and formatting improvements to User Guide (#22622)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/auto_sync.md

```

!!!note 

>     Setting `spec.syncPolicy.automated.enabled` flag to null will be treated as automated sync is enabled. When using `enabled` field set to false, fields like `prune`, `selfHeal` and `allowEmpty` can be set without enabling them.

Reviewer: while you are there :)

```suggestion
    Setting the `spec.syncPolicy.automated.enabled` flag to null will be treated as if automated sync is enabled. When the `enabled` field is set to false, fields like `prune`, `selfHeal` and `allowEmpty` can be set without enabling them.
```

* Automated sync will only attempt one synchronization per unique combination of commit SHA1 and
  application parameters. If the most recent successful sync in the history was already performed
  against the same commit-SHA and parameters, a second sync will not be attempted, unless `selfHeal` flag is set to true.

> * If `selfHeal` flag is set to true then sync will be attempted again after self-heal timeout (5 seconds by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `selfHeal` flag is set to true, then the sync will be attempted again after self-heal timeout (5 seconds by default)
```
